Dear Friend ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 5 , Section 305 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 62 
DAYS . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster & how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus increase customer response by 130% 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones who resides 
in Kentucky tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . 
Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 8 , Section 308 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 32 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU sell more and sell more ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Thanks . Dear Friend 
, We know you are interested in receiving amazing info 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , 
Title 3 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 98 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents and people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 110% and use credit cards 
on your website . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Nevada tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , 
We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
announcement . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 , Title 8 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 39 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on your website 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones 
of Michigan tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must make a commitment soon . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . God Bless ! Dear 
Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 61 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus more people than ever are surfing the 
web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus sell more . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
of Delaware tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards 
! Dear Web surfer ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 3 ; Section 305 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 26 months . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of Iowa tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Best regards ! Dear 
Friend , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! We will comply with all removal requests . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 4 , Section 303 ! This is different than 
anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 61 MONTHS . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet plus nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you use credit cards on your website & turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson 
who resides in Tennessee tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Cybercitizen ; You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
mailing list ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 ; Title 3 , Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 19 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% & use credit cards on 
your website ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Jones of Minnesota tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
. Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 70% ! Thanks . Dear Web surfer 
; Thank-you for your interest in our letter ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 5 , Section 
301 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 44 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of Florida tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for 
you - this cutting-edge announcement ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 6 
, Section 301 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
59 months ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and use credit cards on your 
website . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Pennsylvania tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 20% . Warmest regards . Dear 
Business person ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
news ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
, Title 5 , Section 301 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 64 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you sell more and use credit cards on your website 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Wisconsin tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . We beseech you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
information ! This is a one time mailing there is no 
need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 1 , Section 306 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 56 weeks . Have you ever noticed the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and how many people you know are on the Internet . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you sell more & turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Nevada tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Professional ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our publication ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; 
Title 2 ; Section 306 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 36 months . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% and increase customer response 
by 180% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Maine tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 
100% legal ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Cheers . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this red-hot announcement ! 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 24 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE & increase customer 
response by 140% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thanks ! Dear Web 
surfer ; Especially for you - this hot information 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 6 ; Section 308 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 92 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Oklahoma tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers ! 
Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; 
Title 8 , Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich inside 55 days . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 140% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Jones of Florida tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% 
legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 6 , Section 304 ! This is 
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 72 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and SELL 
MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in 
Alaska tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% ! Cheers ! Dear Friend , Especially for you 
- this red-hot news . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 , Title 7 , Section 305 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 37 months ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus sell more . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in New Jersey 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! Do not 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear Professional 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 1 
, Section 305 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
93 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU increase customer response by 140% plus SELL 
MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . 
But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Massachusetts 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! For God's sake, order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% ! Cheers ! Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your 
interest in our publication ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 6 , Section 306 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 29 
DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how many people you know 
are on the Internet and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& use credit cards on your website . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Anderson of Kentucky tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Web surfer , Thank-you for your interest in 
our newsletter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 8 ; Section 
306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 60 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet & society seems to be moving faster 
and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 100% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Virginia tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! This offer 
is 100% legal ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! God Bless 
! Dear Sir or Madam , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 3 ; Section 
303 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 52 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and use credit 
cards on your website . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames who resides in Tennessee tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Cheers ! 
Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 40 days . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger & people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you use credit cards on your website and turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Mrs Simpson of Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - 
this red-hot info ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; 
Title 3 ; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 85 months ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of South Dakota 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . For the sake of your family order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% ! Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our briefing . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 3 ; Section 307 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 45 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster plus more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & use credit cards on your website . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Ms Jones of Delaware tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer 
is 100% legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 1 , Section 
303 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 65 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you SELL MORE and process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! This offer is 100% legal ! Don't delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Warmest regards . Dear Friend ; We know you 
are interested in receiving cutting-edge announcement 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 7 
; Section 302 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 49 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
& more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE plus turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Minnesota tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Warmest regards ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge info . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 
; Section 304 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 20 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & most everyone has a 
cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus sell more 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in New Mexico tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Web surfer , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; 
Title 5 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 48 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & increase customer response by 180% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Ames of North Dakota tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Warmest regards . Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge intelligence ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 5 
, Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 74 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Ames of Delaware tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Cheers ! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this 
red-hot news ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 3 , Section 306 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 40 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 120% 
& process your orders within seconds . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides 
in New York tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Cheers . Dear Friend , We know you are 
interested in receiving amazing news . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9 
, Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 75 days ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Wyoming 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 5 
; Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 64 months . Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web plus how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell 
more and increase customer response by 120% ! You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
30% ! Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our newsletter . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 9 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 48 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 160% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep 
without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Colleague , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 , Title 2 , Section 308 . This is 
not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 21 days . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
who resides in Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% ! Warmest regards . Dear Professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
; Title 4 , Section 302 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 22 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% and sell more ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Indiana tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 84 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
use credit cards on your website & SELL MORE ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who resides in Maryland 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . We urge you to contact us today for your own 
future financial well-being . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Best regards . Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this amazing intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 
; Section 304 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 26 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell more & increase 
customer response by 170% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Ms Anderson who resides in Oklahoma tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states . We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 9 , Section 305 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 98 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 50% . Thanks . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
, Title 5 ; Section 309 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 31 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and 
how many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of South Dakota tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 
100% legal ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . 
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! 
Cheers ! Dear Internet user ; Especially for you - 
this hot intelligence ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1916 ; Title 5 , Section 301 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 42 weeks ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and increase customer response 
by 140% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
who resides in Indiana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thanks ! 
Dear Professional , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2116 , Title 9 , Section 302 . This is 
not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 52 days . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website plus 
use credit cards on your website ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Alabama tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Sir or Madam ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our club ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 , Title 3 ; Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 38 days ! Have you ever 
noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
plus people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website and increase customer response 
by 120% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in 
Washington tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry . Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Web surfer , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our publication 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 6 , Section 304 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 99 months . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 140% . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in 
Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Best regards ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot news . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 5 ; Section 306 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 50 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 140% and process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Delaware tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list ! 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 7 
, Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 33 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 190% 
and use credit cards on your website ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Georgia 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We urge you to contact us today for your own future 
financial well-being . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 ; Title 7 , Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 80 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
& people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & increase customer response by 
130% . The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Ames who resides in Washington tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . Do not delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Business person , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 6 ; Section 308 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 31 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames who resides in Kentucky tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Colleague ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 5 , Section 306 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 17 days ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you use credit cards on your website & deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Ms Simpson of Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Best regards ! Dear 
Professional , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 1 , Section 
302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 29 
weeks . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% & decrease perceived waiting time by 160% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Arizona tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thanks ! Dear Business person , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge intelligence . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 90 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 150% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of New Mexico tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; 
Title 7 ; Section 309 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 91 days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & sell more 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Georgia 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Best regards ! Dear Sir or Madam 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 4 , Section 304 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 94 days . Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & use credit cards 
on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who resides 
in New Hampshire tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our club ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 9 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 21 days ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus process your orders within seconds . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Arizona tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! 
We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 5 ; Section 301 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 16 
DAYS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase 
customer response by 150% plus decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames of Montana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! 
Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" you 
must act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you 
- this amazing information . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 ; Title 7 , Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 61 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE & SELL MORE ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Jones of Massachusetts tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Best regards ! Dear 
Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 ; Title 9 , Section 307 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 40 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger & more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Salaryman , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 3 ; Section 
307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 57 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
use credit cards on your website and use credit cards 
on your website . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Indiana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thanks 
. Dear E-Commerce professional , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2016 , Title 3 , Section 308 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 35 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash and the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 110% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of 
Utah tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! 
We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Especially for you - this amazing intelligence . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 6 
, Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 63 weeks . Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents plus 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you use credit cards on your website 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Prof Anderson of Illinois tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . This 
offer is 100% legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Web surfer ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 9 ; Section 301 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 35 days ! Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and sell 
more ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who 
resides in Arkansas tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Best regards . Dear 
Web surfer ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 3 , Section 309 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 37 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
decrease perceived waiting time by 130% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Simpson of Florida tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this breath-taking announcement 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 5 
, Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 99 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 200% 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames who resides in Arkansas tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
We are licensed to operate in all states . You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; 
Title 6 ; Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 99 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how many people you 
know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and increase customer response by 140% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Anderson who resides in Idaho tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Web surfer ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 7 ; Section 301 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 97 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 120% and process 
your orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Delaware tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Warmest regards . Dear Friend ; Especially for you 
- this breath-taking information ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2316 , Title 2 ; Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 34 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus society seems 
to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 180% ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of South Carolina 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We 
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Best regards . Dear Friend 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 6 , Section 301 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 53 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and more people than ever 
are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who 
resides in Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
For the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Cybercitizen ; 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge news . We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 5 
; Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 39 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Montana tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
amazing news . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 , Title 6 , Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 27 days . Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU sell more and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Kentucky tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states . We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% . Thanks . Dear Friend , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our database ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 2 
; Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 49 days ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames of Mississippi tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% ! God Bless ! Dear Cybercitizen ; We know you are 
interested in receiving red-hot intelligence . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 8 ; Section 301 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 33 days ! Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% and process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Ms Ames of Tennessee tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! 
Thanks ! Dear Decision maker ; We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing announcement ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 5 , Section 304 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 30 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
sell more plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames of West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! So 
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
, Especially for you - this hot intelligence . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 4 , Section 
301 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 55 days 
. Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and increase customer response 
by 150% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of Illinois tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards . Dear 
Web surfer , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our directory ! If you are not interested in 
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; 
Title 5 ; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 52 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & most everyone has a 
cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and sell more 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Nebraska 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest 
regards ! Dear Web surfer ; Especially for you - this 
red-hot news . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 2 , Section 309 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 72 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Prof Ames who resides in New Jersey tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thanks 
! Dear Internet user , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 3 , Section 307 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 62 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web plus 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 150% and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Prof Anderson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! God Bless ! Dear Business person , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our club . We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 5 
; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 40 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Virginia tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We implore you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
. Thanks . Dear Business person , Thank-you for your 
interest in our briefing ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2516 ; Title 2 ; Section 309 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 20 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
plus more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 180% ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Vermont tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Don't delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! We will comply with all removal requests ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 , Title 5 , Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 96 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet plus more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and increase 
customer response by 180% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of 
Alabama tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states . We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% . Thanks ! Dear Professional 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; 
Title 5 , Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 55 weeks . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills plus 
society seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE and increase customer response by 
100% ! The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Simpson of Idaho tried us and says "I've been 
poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Cheers 
! Dear Decision maker , Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 6 , Section 302 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 39 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you sell more & SELL MORE . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Simpson of Texas tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . God Bless . Dear Professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 6 ; Section 
301 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 99 
weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% and increase customer response by 140% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Idaho tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Do not delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
E-Commerce professional ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 2 , Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 51 weeks 
. Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% & increase customer response by 170% ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson of Oklahoma tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 
, Title 5 ; Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 46 days ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Ames of Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . You have no reason not to act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
30% . Thanks . Dear Professional , Especially for you 
- this cutting-edge announcement . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 , Title 6 , Section 304 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 31 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and sell more ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones 
of Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend ; 
Thank-you for your interest in our publication ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 
4 ; Section 308 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 69 days . Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and more people than ever 
are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides 
in Florida tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , 
Title 1 ; Section 306 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 70 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you process your orders within seconds & process 
your orders within seconds ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of California tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
information ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 8 ; Section 305 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 92 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS & decrease perceived waiting time 
by 150% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Maryland tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 70% ! Thanks . Dear Internet user 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 , Title 5 , Section 301 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 64 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
sell more & increase customer response by 160% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Alabama tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer ! Dear Friend , We know you are interested in 
receiving breath-taking news . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 3 ; Section 306 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 53 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash and the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Ames who resides in Kentucky tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 8 , Section 306 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 38 months . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on 
your website . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Ms Jones who resides in Vermont tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this 
cutting-edge information . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 2 ; Section 304 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 24 
days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
plus society seems to be moving faster and faster ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We 
will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames 
who resides in Minnesota tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Best regards ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 10 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Jones of Kentucky tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
50% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear E-Commerce professional , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 
, Section 307 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 81 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience & how many people you know are on the Internet 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and sell more ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mr Ames who resides in Washington tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thanks 
. Dear Internet user ; Especially for you - this amazing 
news ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
; Title 2 ; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 82 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
who resides in Connecticut tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! God Bless . Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 7 ; Section 302 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 67 DAYS ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and society seems to be moving faster and 
faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in Georgia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! 
If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . Dear 
Professional , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 6 ; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 47 months . Have 
you ever noticed people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills and nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones of 
Hawaii tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% . Cheers ! Dear Sir or 
Madam , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 
, Title 3 ; Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 30 days . Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames of Washington 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Business 
person , We know you are interested in receiving red-hot 
information ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 , Title 5 ; Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 32 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 110% & SELL MORE ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Ms Ames of Oklahoma tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! 
You have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% ! God Bless . Dear 
Sir or Madam ; Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 5 , Section 307 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 84 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you process your orders within seconds plus increase 
customer response by 200% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Jones of 
South Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Decision maker , Especially for 
you - this amazing news ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 , Title 7 , Section 303 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 58 months . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks . Dear Business person , Especially for you 
- this red-hot news ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 ; Title 1 , Section 304 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 48 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and increase customer 
response by 150% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in California tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 9 , Section 
304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 14 months ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% & increase customer response by 
140% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . 
But don't believe us ! Prof Ames who resides in Iowa 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This 
offer is 100% legal . Don't delay - order today . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1816 , Title 2 , Section 306 ! This is 
different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 53 days 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Simpson who resides in New Jersey tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Best 
regards ! Dear Sir or Madam , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
briefing . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 3 ; Section 307 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 44 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web plus how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU sell more and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Delaware tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Colleague 
, Especially for you - this cutting-edge announcement 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
; Title 5 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 84 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web plus people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and process your orders within seconds . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of Iowa tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing . 
We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Cheers ! Dear Salaryman ; You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our club . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 4 ; Section 
304 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 33 DAYS 
! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines & people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws . We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 3 , Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 53 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
& nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 180% & sell more . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who 
resides in Mississippi tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% ! God Bless 
! Dear Colleague ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
newsletter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 ; Section 
303 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
48 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills plus most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & use credit cards on your website . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Ames who resides in Utah tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Decision maker ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge announcement ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 3 ; Section 
307 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 76 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 140% plus increase customer response by 190% ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
of Rhode Island tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . 
We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% ! God Bless ! Dear Friend , Thank-you 
for your interest in our newsletter . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 5 , Section 
307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 49 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU increase customer response by 130% and use 
credit cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
of Oregon tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend , Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our publication ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , Title 2 
; Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 45 days ! Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 170% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones 
who resides in Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks 
. Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this hot news 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; 
Title 1 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 62 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mrs Jones of Virginia tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing . For the sake of your family order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
90% ! Best regards ! Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our letter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 4 , Section 307 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 28 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% and process your orders within seconds 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who resides 
in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen , You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
database . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 
, Title 4 ; Section 309 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 23 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster and more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% plus SELL MORE . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Michigan 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% . Thanks . Dear Professional , We know you are 
interested in receiving hot info ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 ; Section 307 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 12 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website & increase 
customer response by 100% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson of West Virginia tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! This 
offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Best regards . Dear Friend 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; Title 
4 ; Section 307 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 40 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% & SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
who resides in New Hampshire tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% 
legal . For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Best 
regards . Dear Colleague , We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing news . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 ; Title 1 , Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 40 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web & nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 170% and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones of West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks 
! Dear Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing announcement ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 ; Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is not a get rich 
scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 81 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and how many people you know are on 
the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of 
Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 20% ! Warmest regards ! 