Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot information ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our database 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 51 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 110% plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Washington tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . So 
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Colleague , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
; Title 2 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 84 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Jones who resides in Washington tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Best regards ! 
